Patches are always welcome. :)

MPC-HC:
1) Try to fix all /W3 warnings for Win32 in our code.
   See DSUtil/SharedInclude.h and common.props for the disabled warnings.
   Also a search for "#pragma warning" will reveal any other places where warnings are disabled,
   which shouldn't be a lot in our code. (C4731, C4799 etc)
2) Try to clean up the includes; there are a lot of unneeded includes, or includes which are
   inherited from files they shouldn't be and are not included directlyin the files they need them
3) Try to speed up compilation by doing the above and also by optimizing the included headers
   in stdafx.h for mplayerc.vcxproj. Ideally add support for precompiled headers in Bento4.
4) Reorganize the player's Options
5) Remove support for unneeded/obsolete renderers
6) Update Bento4 library or see if we can use ffmpeg for this job
7) Test MSVC 2011 more when it's released. With the Beta version we get hundreds of redefinitions
   for the DX headers which seems normal since DX is moved into the SDK, linking fails
   if /SAFESEH:NO isn't specified and the MFC bloat workaround does not work as it is.
8) Use "new" instead of "DNew" and make sure the leak detection works properly

FFmpeg:
1) Stop linking ffmpeg statically
2) Compilation fails without -msse
3) Use ffmpeg for:
   * MPEG-1 and MPEG-2 decoding (this would remove the dependency on libmpeg2)
   * FLAC and perhaps AC-3 and DTS decoding (this would remove the dependency on libflac, a52dec and libdca)
Alternatively, drop all internal decoders and filters and intergrate LAVFilters, but keep DXVA1.

Installer:
1) Add detection of directx and run websetup to update if needed or include the needed dx dlls
2) Add file association tasks, see https://sourceforge.net/apps/trac/mpc-hc/ticket/2207

VSFilter:
1) Use the defines from Version.h for MPC_COPYRIGHT_STR in VSFilter
2) Define VSFilter's version numbers in a place accessible by its installer and VSFilter itself
3) Build and statically link unrar library for out of the box support of rar'ed subtitles
   for both VSFilter and MPC-HC itself
4) Do we need the ISOLATION_AWARE_ENABLED define?
5) Fix the YUV2 bug causing subtitles not to show
